This Davis?
I was taught a lesson by Zhenbei Army before
He also knew that I was from the Zhenbei Army
So I'm afraid
That kind of makes sense.
All right.
Let's send the contract back now
You killed
What do you say we should do?
Mom, don't worry about this.
I believe
Yufei will definitely pass on the contract.
third child
Your daughter daydreams.
Why are you dreaming?
So Rockefeller, what level of company is that?
The year before last, I went to work with others
I went with Qingqing
And they didn't even let us in.
How could I sign a contract with your family?
Ye Yunfei
I still went with Xiao Junlin, that trash
I'm afraid I haven't reached the gate of the company yet.
It was stopped
Who said we were kicked out?
How is Li Fei?
Dad?
The event is negotiated
It's done
This
This is really a loan contract from the Rockefeller Group
Of course it's true.
Could it be fake?
Great, great.
Let me see.
Loan amount 1,100 yuan
Loan term 99 years
Interest upside down 5 points
Yifei, is this really the walnut you signed?